Miss Tang, I was born cheap
As long as you promise to marry me
I can do my best to help you.
Even if you can't draw your sword freely to the master of Shushan
It can also protect you
Help you become the suzerain
Better than trusting a beggar
Beggars are also in my hands
A thousand times stronger than your bitch bone
Tang Zishan, you are really shameless
Wait until I get to Mount Shu
I will make you bow down
Master Pan, I will do my best to help you
Thank you Brother Zhao
Third Young Master of Jianzong
Challenge the position of suzerain
It is also the body of the chief Keqing of Qizong
Born to be martial
Please meet Han Shu Shan
The third step Three Young Master actually took three steps Continue
Step Four
Tibet 5 Continental Nuclear Bomb
Dance steps
The eldest lady will definitely not be able to dance here
This beggar probably won't be finished either.
Retreat
Changyuntian steps out of Lu Bu
Now is coming
I have no one to challenge to draw the sword before 5 o'clock
I will announce
The current sect master of Shushan Sword Sect is Tang Yuntian
Hahahaha
Take five steps into the inner circle
Except for the Shushan Sword Flower
Absolutely care that the second person can do it